Men say they are puzzled by the woman's personality and complexities, so it is hard for them to understand this beautiful creature, who makes up half the society - mother, sister and wife
These men may be right if we consider that the woman herself does not quite know herself, and may not fully understand all that makes up her body
It is known that if the person knows enough about his or her body, the reactions will improve and become more appropriate to the situations.
In this report you will learn about 5 main facts about your body that are listed in the magazine
1 - Women hear through the sides of the brain
S researchers at Indiana University said they have conducted scientific research using magnetic resonance machines to monitor brain activity in men and women and found through brain activities that men hear voices through the left hemisphere of the brain, the region associated with the ability to speak and hear in humans
2 - Certain female hormones alert women to consult the dentist
3. Women appear younger than men in pictures
4 - suffer from indigestion more than men
5 - her hair grows slower than the hair of men by 15%